release: highlights of v0.3.0 (#839)
maistra/istio-workspace: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/release_notes/v0.3.0.adoc

== Highlights of v0.3.0 release

> The main focus of this release has been some improved error handling and bug fixes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The main focus of this release has been to improve error handling and bug fixes.
```

=== Mutate Virtual Services connected to a Gateway

We fixed a bug reported by our new friend https://github.com/jorgermp[Jorge Martinez] that came into play when
trying to `develop` on a `service` that is connected to a Gateway. Simply put we handled the cases differently if it was connected
and not. A Connected service was implied to only create a new 'subdomain' handler to support the custom domains, while a non connected one would
support the header matches. Now this is changed so a connected service supports both, allowing you to `develop` exposed and internal services.

=== The Session Name is now validated to follow RFC 1123

The session name is used as part of the sub domains that are created and needs to follow
the DNS naming spec. We now validate that it does before failing later. :)

=== Changed to use emperror for more detailed errors

> With emperror we've got the ability to attach contextual metadata to the errors which 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With https://github.com/emperror/emperror[emperror] we've got the ability to attach contextual metadata to the errors which 
```
